README.md, before:

# HPC for Simulation Science

## Syllabus

* The syllabus of this course can be found in structured form as a mind-map ([link](https://hmarschall.github.io/flippedClassRoom-HPCSimulationScience/Lessons/CourseContent.html)).
* The following sets out briefly the course chapters and sections:

1. Hardware
    1. Anatomy of a Supercomputer
    2. Taxonomy of a Supercomputer (Flynn 1972)
    3. Memory Distribution
2. Software
    1. Parallel Programming Models
    2. Examples
    3. Rationale and Design Principles
3. Performance
    1. Performance Metrics and Scalability
    2. Performance Models
    3. Performance Analysis (Tools)


## Concept: Flipped Classroom

* This course follows the flipped classroom concept.
* This concept is set out in the course introductory slides ([link](https://hmarschall.github.io/flippedClassRoom-HPCSimulationScience/Lessons/CourseSyllabus.html)).


## Lectures

| # | topic | slides | recording | worksheet |
|--:|:------|:------:|:---------:|:----------|
| 1 | Course overview and motivation | [link](...) | [view online](...) | [worksheet #1](...) |


## Exercises

### Prerequisites

The exercises are designed for native Linux operating systems like Ubuntu (recommended). They may also work on Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL). To set up your system for the exercises, refer to the notebook accompanying exercise session 1.

### Exercise sessions

| # | topic | notebook |
|--:|:------|:---------|
| 1 | Setting up your system | [view online](...) |

Commit message:

[ENH] : video and literature added to README

README.md, after:

# HPC for Simulation Science

## Syllabus

The syllabus of this course can be found in structured form as a mind-map ([link](https://hmarschall.github.io/flippedClassRoom-HPCSimulationScience/Lessons/CourseContent.html)).


## Concept: Flipped Classroom

* This course follows the flipped classroom concept!
* This concept is set out in the course introductory slides ([link](https://hmarschall.github.io/flippedClassRoom-HPCSimulationScience/Lessons/CourseSyllabus.html)).


## Lectures

| # | topic | slides | recording | worksheet |
|--:|:------|:------:|:---------:|:----------|
| 1 | Course overview and motivation | [link](...) | [view online](https://hmarschall.github.io/flippedClassRoom-HPCSimulationScience/Lessons/2.2_parallelCFD/2.2_parallelCFD.html) | [worksheet #1](...) |


## Exercises

### Prerequisites

The exercises are designed for native Linux operating systems like Ubuntu (recommended). Installation of required software will be subject of the first plenum event and the first exercise.

### Exercise sessions

| # | topic | notebook |
|--:|:------|:---------|
| 2.2 | Parallel CFD | [view online](...) |

## Literature

1. [Robey, R. & Zamora, Y. (2021). Parallel and high performance computing. Shelter Island: Manning.](https://www.manning.com/books/parallel-and-high-performance-computing)
2. [Houzeaux, G., Borrell, R., Fournier, Y., Garcia-Gasulla, M., Göbbert, J. H., Hachem, E., Mehta, V., Mesri, Y., Owen, H., & Vázquez, M. (2018). High-Performance Computing: Dos and Don’ts. InTech.](https://juser.fz-juelich.de/record/843705/files/houzeaux2018high_HighPerformanceComputing_DosAndDonts.pdf)
3. [Mattson, T., Sanders, B. & Massingill, B. (2005). Patterns for parallel programming. Boston: Addison-Wesley.](https://www.pearson.ch/Informatik/Pearson/EAN/9780321228116/Patterns-for-Parallel-Programming)
